[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Maybe I'll slowly
start going through the solution and
I'll stop at some point and
you can finish.
So I'm just going to copy this.
So we have system.import the thing I
want to import is this render file.
That holds all the require statements and
everything to the modules that
are huge that I don't wanna load yet.
And then,
I'm just going to console.log thing.
So whatever it is that's coming back from
that I'm also looks like render graph
originally is taking graph area and
store whatever those things are.
So I'm going to accept those
same things here graph area and
store and then I'm going to find
all the render graph references and
just replace those with load and
render graph.
And I'll get rid of that import.
And now from here, you actually might
not even need to restart your server.
It will create the chunked bundle for
you or the Code Split bundle for you.
So if I refresh now.
If you look at the kilobytes here 370.
That's down from 2.1 megabytes.
Yeah, so most users won't have
to pay that price anymore,
If I click on this It's not
actually going to work but
what you'll notice Is we have this 1.8 MB
file that's loaded when I clicked on that.
And that's because it's now
resolving that System.import.
If we pop open our console here,
we'll see this object that has
a default property called updateGraph
that looks like maybe something we want.
>> Speaker 2: Are source maps gonna
continue to work and everything?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yep, magic.
Yeah, so, Thomas is wondering.
Code splitting by importing
a react component and
attaching it to the dom
on the graph area node.
Well we cover an example of code splitting
when loading a react component via JSX,
only when a component is
loaded in the componentry that
it actually requests dependencies.
Yes so you could do something like
that you could do the system.import
call in a component like mount and
then you could until the resolution
of that module happened you'd
just have like a loading.
Or have the user click on something and
then as a response to them clicking
on that thing it's a system import and
then you'd say set state this thing
is now loaded and
then it renders the loaded thing.
So yeah this would actually be
really trivial in react and
Andreas asking used side by side with
HTTP2 aggressive splitting plug in.
That's a great question.
Andreas I'm afraid I don't know the answer
that question I think I've heard
of that plug in.
But I've never used it before so
I'm going to just push this
along a little bit further.
So we're going to say Thing.default.
Because that looks like that's
the thing that we cared about.
Now when I click it I see this update
graph thing that takes a node in a store.
Presumably this graph area, that's a node,
that's what we were passing to it before.
So actually before I
shouldn't have deleted that.
This is what we had before, so
I'm gonna put it right here.
And so it looks like
thing.default is renderGraph.
So I'm gonna say renderGraph = thing.
And then I'm going to use
render graph the same way I
did before which was just
basically this except with
render graph instead of
loading render graph.
I save that, I keep refreshing by habit
but cuz [INAUDIBLE] HMR I don't need to.
And that works.
And so that's the basic solution,
I probably wouldn't call
this thing thing but yeah.
Now that's interesting graphArea
to create an upper scope.
>> Kent C Dodds: Not sure why
that's there but whatever.
Here we'll just call this node.
>> Kent C Dodds: Actually in,
here's a question from.
Is it possible to put a variable
inside the system import statement?
Yes actually it is possible to do that.
So I don't have an example of this,
but this is a, I should have,
I should have made an example of
this cuz this is really really cool.
So with web pack let's say that here,
let me think let me show you
something else really quick.
Gonna show you a different
example entirely.
We're gonna check out.
No, I think it was, was it workshop?
>> Kent C Dodds: No it
is egghead goodness,
now I can't remember what
my branching scheme was.
I've used this same repo for
a lot of different things yeah.
So we'll say get checkout
lesson/code-splitting and we'll force it.
So this code splitting example is
totally different npn run dev.
And apparently even
the scripts are different.
Npn start, cool, so then if I'm in here,
whoops, something.
All my dependencies are busted.
So I can't show you the actual
running example but
I can show you the source code.
So in here we have this fax loader thing.
And all my dependencies report.
So you had a fax list, and
the fact text, and whenever you
clicked on this fax list thing,
then it would import a default fact and
set the fax text.
And all the facts are is like, whoa.
Click on one of the animals to
see an interesting fact, and so
then there's gorillas.
And holy be quiet.
Gorillas can catch human colds and
other illnesses, fun, interesting.
Well not fun, sorry gorillas.
But yeah, what's cool about this
is let's say you had 500 of these,
you wouldn't want to have some switch
statement that said okay, if it's the fact
about gorillas, then I want you to
load this system.importfact/gorillas,
that'd be really kind of sad.
And so instead it can be dynamic and
what web pack is gonna do is
it's gonna say okay based off
of the information you've given
me here I know that the potential
possible code split items or
bundles that could be possible from this.
Our default fact gorillas grasshoppers
Index and worse ostriches, so
I'm going to make a bundle for every
single one of those and so regardless of
whatever case it may be there will
always be a bundle for an existing file.
So excellent question so yeah.
Actually in my example
I kind of go crazy or
in my solution I kind of go crazy
with the de-structuring and
I just say default whoops, render graph.
Yep and that works.
Who else has finished?
Okay, sweet.
I think we're about ready to move on
unless there are other questions.
>> Speaker 3: Big question, the system
import if it's already downloaded it once
it won't download it again.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
good question actually.
Yeah I'm glad that you asked that.
Let me demonstrate that.
So here if I've got everything
loaded that I need to.
It's small as ever and it's awesome.
Then I click on this.
It pops open or it goes and
loads that other bundle.
And the cool thing about this is it
it creates an entirely new file but
I don't have to think about it.
I don't care what it's called I don't care
where it lives, web pack will keep track
of where the files are,
and it will just load it.
And so
yeah it pulls in this 1.8 megabytes file.
Then if I toggle this off and
toggle it on again.
It knows it's already been loaded.
>> Speaker 3: So I was trying to cache it.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, yeah.
So actually, I see.
Yeah,good call.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, no, you're good.
So yeah webpack does that for you.
The other cool thing about this
is you'll notice that there,
some of these have a response.
Oops, wrong focus.
Some of these have a response of three or
four that means that it's not modified and
the browser can get it from the cache.
If I hit like a hard refresh then I get
200 from all these and I'll load it.
Brand new as if I'd never seen it before.
And then I do another refresh and
I'll see three or fours.
So the one of the reasons why
code splitting is really great is
because now if I make a change
to all of my app code but
I don't change the way that this separate
code splits, file,
any of that react stuff.
Then I'm not gonna have to, well,
I'm not gonna have to force the users to
download any extra stuff just because
I changed the other app code.
That's not 100% the case.
We do have to do a little bit more work,
but we're going to do that work and then,
yeah, that will be the case.
It's going to be super cool.
Is asking is there a best practice as to
where you should define your split points.
I'm guessing it would
be very app specific.
Yes it is pretty app specific.
But a really good place is at your routes.
So if you're using a router, angular too,
can totally do you leverage code splitting
and so you're using the angular router.
Or an UI router for
Angular 2 that's exactly where you do
code splitting even if you're using
Angular 1 that would be the place to code
split if you wanted to venture and react.
And then also like there are these
one off areas that you're
like yeah we wanna use D3 in
this one section of our app and
that's where you'd want
to do code splitting.
So, cool.
Let's see, our time is 2:30.
Okay, we're gonna actually
fly by caching a little
bit because lots of it is
just kind of boilerplate.
It's more like you need to
conceptually understand it and
then you can like you can pretty much
get it when you look at the code.
So, yeah let's move right along.
So let me explain Commons Chunking.
So actually for the next.
Actually for the rest of the time we're
going to spend optimizing our webpack
configurations so that our app
will load faster for the user.
And that's pretty much one of
the main things that you can do with
with web pack as far as optimization goes.